American tech giant Apple recently unveiled the iPhone 11 at a starting price of Rs 64,900. At this price, the iPhone 11 is the most ‘affordable’ of the three new iPhones launched by Apple, the other two being iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max. It will be available in India starting September 27.The iPhone 11 will come in six colour variants: Purple, Yellow, Green, Black, White and Product RED.

The iPhone 11 dimensions are 150.9mm x 75.7mm x 8.3mm (H x W x D). It weighs about 194 grams (6.84 ounces).It  features a 6.1-inch all-screen LCD display and is powered by Apple’s new A13 bionic chip with Third-Generation Neural Engine. The display is the company’s proprietary Liquid Retina HD display having Multi-Touch capability with IPS technology. The resolution is 1792x828 pixel one at 326 ppi with 1400:1 contrast ratio (typical). Other special features of the display are True Tone, Wide colour (P3) and Haptic touch. It comes coated with a fingerprint resistant oleophobic coating. Coming to the camera segment, the iPhone 11 comes equipped with a dual rear camera of a 12 MP six-element Wide lens and an Ultra-Wide five element lens. The Ultra Wide lens comes with ƒ/2.4 aperture and 120° field of view while the Wide camera has got a ƒ/1.8 aperture. The iPhone 11, along with the other two models, has a Night mode for clicking better images in low-light conditions. Some of the other rear camera features are 2x optical zoom out; digital zoom up to 5x, Portrait mode with advanced bokeh and Depth Control, Portrait Lighting with six effects, Optical image stabilisation (Wide).

Apple has upgraded the selfie camera in all three iPhones models from 7MP True Depth camera to a 12MP TrueDepth sensor with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Some of the other features of the front camera are Portrait mode with advanced bokeh and depth control, Portrait Lighting with six effects, 4K video recording at 24 fps, 30 fps or 60 fps, 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps etc.

Apple claims that the iPhone 11 offers one hour more battery life than its predecessor, the iPhone XR. iPhone 11 doesn’t come with a fast charger. It is said to offer better water and dust resistance than its predecessor, the iPhone XR.

The various sensors are Face ID, barometer, three axis gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor and ambient light sensor. The iPhone 11 comes in three storage variants: 64GB, 128GB and 256GB.
