### Oneplus 7

OnePlus 7 carries the same display from the OnePlus 6T. It is a 6.41-inch, Full HD+ (2340 x 1080 pixels) resolution screen with a 19.5:9 aspect ratio. The AMOLED panel has been sourced from Samsung and supports DCI-P3 and sRGB colour gamut. The screen is topped with 2.5D Gorilla Glass 6 for added protection against drops or marks from daily wear and tear. The phones are additionally shipped with a pre-applied screen guard.

Unlike the Pro variant, OnePlus 7 has a waterdrop notch on the front and while many won’t consider that to be an upgrade, it does its part in offering the best viewing experience possible. Of course, there’s the OnePlus 7 Pro with a notch-less curved screen, but then there’s a premium that comes along with those upgrades.

A couple of additional features include-- night mode, reading mode and video enhancer that fine tunes the colour during video playback. Here, I’d also like to mention that the optical fingerprint sensor embedded into the display has been upgraded to a 3-element lens and a larger sensor. This results in upto 38% faster unlock speed over the 6T and it shows in our usage as well.

OnePlus offers a better viewing experience with every update and the OnePlus 7 is a testament to that. Rest assured, watching content on the phone is a delight and the addition of stereo speakers ups the experience by manifolds. To add a cherry on the cake, recently Netflix also certified the phone along with the Pro model for HDR10, which means, it is one of the best screens to binge-watch your favorite shows on.