Born as Oppo’s sub-brand, Realme launched itsmid-range smartphone Realme X back in July 15 earlier this year. The Realme X is the company’s first smartphone to feature a popup selfie camera along with dual rear camera setup at the back. The Realme X comes in two storage variants-- 4GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage and 8GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage. The smartphone was launched at Rs 16,999 and Rs 20,999, both variants of the phone has received a Rs 1,000 price cut and are currently selling at Rs 15,999 and Rs 19,999.

Realme X sports a 6.53-inch Full HD+ display with 19.5:9 aspect ratio and a pixel density of 394ppi. There’s a Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection for added durability.

The device is powered by a 2.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 710 processor coupled with Adreno 616 GPU. In terms of RAM and storage, Realme X comes with 4GB/8GB RAM and 128GB UFS 2.1 ROM.

The smartphone runs Android 9.0 Pie-based ColorOS 6 and is backed by a 3765mAh battery. The smartphone also supports 20W VOOC Flash Charge. The device comes with Space Blue and Polar White colour options.

Talking about the camera, the smartphone comes equipped with a dual rear camera setup of 48MP primary sensor with f/1.8 aperture and an f/2.4 5MP secondary sensor. There’s a 16MP front popup camera with f/2.0 aperture.

As for the features of the dual rear camera setup, users will have at their disposal Super Nightscape, Chroma Boost, New portrait mode styles, HDR and more. The rear camera is also capable of shooting videos up to 4K resolution at 30fps.

The sensors on the phone include an in-display fingerprint sensor, accelerometer, ambient light sensor, digital compass, proximity sensor etc.
